Thank you for downloading my demo package with two characters for the Unity editor. I hope you find it useful and enjoy working with it. Your support is greatly appreciated!

Best regards,
Pavel Sirucek
pavelsirucek@gmail.com

Apocalypse Heroes - Spine 2D Characters (DEMO)
Release version 1.0
First release - Spine v.4.2.25 Professional project files, Spine-Unity Runtime 4.2 required

SUMMARY
Package of animated hero and monster created using Spine 2D software. The package also includes source files, so you can add and modify the appearance and animations of characters.

DESCRIPTION
This package includes a free sample. If you like the characters and are satisfied with the quality, check out the full package here on the asset store.
All source files (Spine 2D projects v.4.2.25 Proffesional, PSDs) are included!
This free package includes the hero Hero02 and the alien Enemy_Antruder along with their skins.
Each character includes animations for walking/movement, shooting, idling, spawning, and dying, as well as some specific ones.

HOW TO - NOTE
Please read all the information regarding the implementation of Spine into your project carefully: https://esotericsoftware.com/spine-unity-installation
Don't forget to check the Spine license agreement.
Check the technical specifications listed below on this page.
Review all the assets in this package and decide if they are suitable for your project.
Consider purchasing this package. If you decide to buy it, thank you very much.
Install Spine-Unity Runtime 4.2 package into your Unity project.
Install Apocalypse Heroes - Spine 2D Characters (DEMO) package into your Unity project.
Select and play the Preview file at Old Oak Den / Spine 2D Characters / Scenes in Unity.
Enjoy developing your amazing game!
If you need more information before purchasing, please do not hesitate to contact me.

TECHNICAL DETAILS
The animation sources are created in Spine 2D v.4.2.25 Professional (meshes animations used in projects).
The package contains standard PSD files, which can also be opened and edited in older versions of Photoshop.